Say it earlier, I can still keep you as a concubine
How dare you speak wildly
There is a so-called call me dead Nangong Qin
Otherwise, it is gratifying because you are a handsome woman.
You think I'll take you seriously
I took the female handsome Qingfeng to destroy the general of Peking University
It is also below one person and above ten thousand people
What right do you have to make fun of my honor?
That's pretty good.
And said nothing
You and Mu Guiying
I'm afraid it's not as simple as it seems
What do you mean?
What do I mean? Don't you know?
He's not a master at all
Your Nangong dear protects him so much
I'm afraid he's your mistress
Ouch, yo.
I really didn't see it
You yellow-faced woman still seduce men?
Still a fox
shut up
Why is Lord Nangong so excited?
Could it be that I was right?
Mu Guiying
In vain, I will repay you
I still feel guilty about you
But I didn't expect you to have hooked up with another man already
I know shame is life and death
dignified commander of the armed forces
I was hooked by this bitch
Just ridiculous
It's ridiculous.
Hahahahaha
Oh, Sister Danguang
We're being played around by you
When you are handsome
I want to participate in the battle
you
We are so unreasonable
Today's book is handsome that day
Let you kill Nangong Qing
What's the rush?
He has something to do
Can I be the general of Peking University?
Will these groups be able to spread power and wealth?
You just need to notify the four generals
Cancel what he has done 300,000 military power